Now that we have the basic building blocks of our app, we put in some style.
We have our colors map over here.
Let's start by trying to build our focus feature.
So in the source folder, what I want you to do is I want you to build a folder called features, and
this folder is going to contain the entry point for the features that we're going to build.
One of them being the focus input screen.
So what we're going to do in here is we're going to create a new file or we're going to call it Focus
Dot J.S..
And InFocus thought, yes, that's where we're going to export concert and we're going to export something
called focus.
This is going to be the building block for our focus feature.
Now let's make sure that we always, always, always import the right things to start, import, react
from react and then let's import view.
Text and style sheet.
From React Native.
Let me just switch these to a single.
Now with that, we can basically say here, let's create a view.
And within that view, what we're going to say is let's run there some text and that text is going to
be focus feature.
Now, let's create a style sheet, so let's say concert styles is equal to stylesheet dot create.
And let's create a container, and let's say that container has Flex one.
And the view of the focus feature is going to be what has this style of styles thought container?
So in here, what we've basically made is a very, very basic component.
It's the building block for our focus features.
So we're seeing let us create a functional component that has a view that has a style of styles, that
container, which is a flex one.
So it's going to take up the entire space.
And then let's put some text in there called focus feature.
Now we should give our text some styles.
So let's go ahead and create text.
And what we'll do in here is we'll see color is and we'll take our colors map about white.
So but we still need to import that.
So let's import colors.
From dot dot slash utils colors.
Now, there are certain important mechanisms that you can use to make your imports more pretty.
What we're trying to get out here is the easiest, fastest way to build out an entire app with a limited
friction as possible to get you kind of acquainted with React native syntax, focusing predominantly
on how the building blocks work and how you can use views and text to build out functionality and get
an app functioning as fast as possible.
So now that we have our focus feature, let's go back to app and in here, let's say import focus from
and say dot slash source features focus.
Now, let's grab that, let's get rid of our text over here, and let's put focus in you.
And what we'll see is, oh, focus features there, but we miss them.
So let's go over here, huh?
Text is an unused style.
Oh, we forgot to add it here.
So let's say style is equal to styles dot text.
And boom, that should turn white.
Great.
Now over here, what we can do is we can clean up some of these files and we're good to go.
We now have the building spot for our focus feature.
So let's look at that in the next video.